Improve doc and configuration of prometheus emitter (#13028)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-contrib/prometheus.md

## Introduction

This extension exposes [Druid metrics](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/operations/metrics.html) for collection by a Prometheus server (https://prometheus.io/).

Emitter is enabled by setting `druid.emitter=prometheus` [configs](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration/index.html#emitting-metrics) or include `prometheus` in the composing emitter list. 

## Configuration

All the configuration parameters for the Prometheus emitter are under `druid.emitter.prometheus`.

> | property                                      | description                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | required? | default                              |

Reviewer: Style:
I think I prefer the original formatting style. Having the columns aligned is good, but it becomes difficult to read once the text begins to wrap. Content written in the older style can be easily read through without having to consciously skip the whitespaces.

Author: Intellij formats this for me😄
I know this bring a little difficulty for review and I will try to keep the orignal format in future change.

| `druid.emitter.prometheus.addHostAsLabel`     | Flag to include the hostname as a prometheus label.                                                                                                                                                                                    | no        | false                                |
| `druid.emitter.prometheus.addServiceAsLabel`  | Flag to include the druid service name (e.g. `druid/broker`, `druid/coordinator`, etc.) as a prometheus label.                                                                                                                         | no        | false                                |
| `druid.emitter.prometheus.pushGatewayAddress` | Pushgateway address. Required if using `pushgateway` strategy.                                                                                                                                                                         | no        | none                                 |

### Override properties for Peon Tasks

> Since peon tasks are created dynamically by MiddleManagers, it's not able to use `exporter` strategy for these tasks to let prometheus read metrics from fixed addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Peon tasks are created dynamically by middle managers and have dynamic host and port addresses. Since the `exporter` strategy allows Prometheus to read only from a fixed address, it cannot be used for peon tasks.
```

Tried to simplify the language a bit.

So, these tasks need to be configured to use `pushgateway` strategy to push metrics from Druid to prometheus gateway.

> If this emitter is configured to use `exporter` strategy globally, some above configurations need to be overridden in the MiddleManager's configuration file for peon tasks as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this emitter is configured to use `exporter` strategy globally, some of the above configurations need to be overridden in the middle manager so that spawned peon tasks can still use the `pushgateway` strategy.
```

histogram timers to use Seconds as the base unit.  Timers which do not use seconds as a base unit can use the `conversionFactor` to set
the base time unit. If the user does not specify their own JSON file, a default mapping is used.  All
metrics are expected to be mapped. Metrics which are not mapped will not be tracked.

Prometheus metric path is organized using the following schema:

```json
<druid metric name> : { 
  "dimensions" : <dimension list>, 
  "type" : <timer|counter|gauge>, 
  "conversionFactor": <conversionFactor>, 
  "help" : <help text>
}
```

For example:
```json
"query/time" : { 
  "dimensions" : ["dataSource", "type"],
  "type" : "timer",
  "conversionFactor": 1000.0,
  "help": "Seconds taken to complete a query."
}
```

For metrics which are emitted from multiple services with different dimensions, the metric name is prefixed with
the service name. For example:

```json
"coordinator-segment/count" : { "dimensions" : ["dataSource"], "type" : "gauge" },
"historical-segment/count" : { "dimensions" : ["dataSource", "tier", "priority"], "type" : "gauge" }
```
 

> For most use cases, the default mapping is sufficient.

Reviewer: Good one 😄 !
